And then, beauty, I'm here again.
One more video for you and I said that
a video tells why she's asking me
handling tips and such is the
comments from some previous videos
mine and delayed for today that it is very useful
both moving and improving
in general in the code to play the game because
the guy the game is a kind of floral
for those who do not know each person who
kills everything to postpone and who kills 20
people are 20 years who have killed 23 ca
and kill one with all weapons
whoever does it wins first is and how
is kind and there are people of all
sides and this helps a lot to train your
movement
does not exist unb and in my opinion is
there is no way to teach with it
the map I think the
movement was a business that I
I learned over time each has its
understands and I think in the focus can is the
helps to improve and have a move
more intelligent and and the game he besides
help improve movement
tourist will use various weapons ie
will learn and tico did not learn vote
may have discovered a weapon that does not
I knew it was good understands will test
several virtual classes and thank you
win and you will meet but this will not
know how to play right year will end
learning will have to learn it themselves
is to win the game and it is very
cool plus a fun way is
had everything for those who do not know a divan
deck he made a video a year ago
showing the game and saying it was a
so it claims to have this and it is true
very very fun way beyond the line
what to help you and move and
learned to use things he does not know is
a fun man does not have this thing of
voice and mary any crap can not
create easy it is to you weapon the game
edel and really a very fun way
he here in dops a number actually only
had to play net project in e
never 42 now has a new playlist
public and is a sometimes fun when
has when everything is in a face more or
less of the same ability that everything ends
creating a framework
I do not know a little competition now
getting a lot of fun a very
cool to play and I'm really liking it
the hardest part of passing
it's that wii game are when in my
opinion when catching swan for a year I
I'm really bad, do not you see, man.
I do not think that this match nor
gap released two players in the team
What on earth and man I expect so much
that this tip is this tip have
I helped you because I know you have
new people in my carnival in the
new and this type of code and I tip
I did not know what to say, and then
when he defended vander made a video
and I realized that this helps and
so it's really test a game and quito
It's starting, you can say that you do not win.
always keep playing until
start to win because besides being
is a lot of fun and help a lot but
so this is it people who liked the
time video giving a deadline value
of the disclosure and we were very short
when you put a buffalo at home and keep
That's it, people said.
haha ha